It was Evelyn¡¯s first time to explore the Badlands of
Alberta, famous across Canada for its numerous dinosaur
fossils. As a young amateur bone-hunter, she was overflowing
with anticipation. She had not travelled this far for the bones
of common dinosaur species. Her life-long dream to find rare
fossils of dinosaurs was about to come true. She began eagerly
searching for them. After many hours of wandering throughout
the deserted lands, however, she was unsuccessful. Now, the
sun was beginning to set, and her goal was still far beyond her
reach. Looking at the slowly darkening ground before her, she
sighed to herself, ¡°I can¡¯t believe I came all this way for
nothing. What a waste of time!¡±

One of the most common mistakes made by organizations
when they first consider experimenting with social media is
that they focus too much on social media tools and platforms
and not enough on their business objectives. The reality of
success in the social web for businesses is that creating a social
media program begins not with insight into the latest social
media tools and channels but with a thorough understanding of
the organization¡¯s own goals and objectives. A social media
program is not merely the fulfillment of a vague need to manage
a ¡°presence¡± on popular social networks because ¡°everyone
else is doing it.¡± ¡°Being in social media¡± serves no purpose
in and of itself. In order to serve any purpose at all, a social
media presence must either solve a problem for the organization
and its customers or result in an improvement of some sort
(preferably a measurable one). In all things, purpose drives
success. The world of social media is no different.

Scientists have no special purchase on moral or ethical
decisions; a climate scientist is no more qualified to comment
on health care reform than a physicist is to judge the causes of
bee colony collapse. The very features that create expertise in a
specialized domain lead to ignorance in many others. In some
cases lay people ¡ª farmers, fishermen, patients, native peoples ¡ª
may have relevant experiences that scientists can learn from.
Indeed, in recent years, scientists have begun to recognize this:
the Arctic Climate Impact Assessment includes observations
gathered from local native groups. So our trust needs to be
limited, and focused. It needs to be very particular. Blind trust
will get us into at least as much trouble as no trust at all. But
without some degree of trust in our designated experts ¡ª the
men and women who have devoted their lives to sorting out
tough questions about the natural world we live in ¡ª we are
paralyzed, in effect not knowing whether to make ready for
the morning commute or not.

Environmental hazards include biological, physical, and
chemical ones, along with the human behaviors that promote
or allow exposure. Some environmental contaminants are
difficult to avoid (the breathing of polluted air, the drinking of
chemically contaminated public drinking water, noise in open
public spaces); in these circumstances, exposure is largely
involuntary. Reduction or elimination of these factors may require
societal action, such as public awareness and public health
measures. In many countries, the fact that some environmental
hazards are difficult to avoid at the individual level is felt to be
more morally egregious than those hazards that can be avoided.
Having no choice but to drink water contaminated with very
high levels of arsenic, or being forced to passively breathe in
tobacco smoke in restaurants, outrages people more than the
personal choice of whether an individual smokes tobacco.
These factors are important when one considers how change
(risk reduction) happens.

Scientists use paradigms rather than believing them. The use
of a paradigm in research typically addresses related problems
by employing shared concepts, symbolic expressions,
experimental and mathematical tools and procedures, and even
some of the same theoretical statements. Scientists need only
understand how to use these various elements in ways that
others would accept. These elements of shared practice thus
need not presuppose any comparable unity in scientists¡¯ beliefs
about what they are doing when they use them. Indeed, one role
of a paradigm is to enable scientists to work successfully
without having to provide a detailed account of what they are
doing or what they believe about it. Thomas Kuhn noted that
scientists ¡°can agree in their identification of a paradigm without
agreeing on, or even attempting to produce, a full interpretation
or rationalization of it. Lack of a standard interpretation or of
an agreed reduction to rules will not prevent a paradigm from
guiding research.¡±

Mending and restoring objects often require even more
creativity than original production. The preindustrial blacksmith
made things to order for people in his immediate community;
customizing the product, modifying or transforming it according
to the user, was routine. Customers would bring things back if
something went wrong; repair was thus an extension of
fabrication. With industrialization and eventually with mass
production, making things became the province of machine
tenders with limited knowledge. But repair continued to require
a larger grasp of design and materials, an understanding of the
whole and a comprehension of the designer¡¯s intentions.
¡°Manufacturers all work by machinery or by vast subdivision
of labour and not, so to speak, by hand,¡± an 1896 Manual of
Mending and Repairing explained. ¡°But all repairing must be
done by hand. We can make every detail of a watch or of a
gun by machinery, but the machine cannot mend it when
broken, much less a clock or a pistol!¡±

The above graphs show the percentage share of the global
middle class by region in 2015 and its projected share in
2025. ¨ç It is projected that the share of the global middle
class in Asia Pacific will increase from 46 percent in 2015 to
60 percent in 2025. ¨è The projected share of Asia Pacific in
2025, the largest among the six regions, is more than three
times that of Europe in the same year. ¨é The shares of
Europe and North America are both projected to decrease,
from 24 percent in 2015 to 16 percent in 2025 for Europe, and
from 11 percent in 2015 to 8 percent in 2025 for North
America. ¨ê Central and South America is not expected to
change from 2015 to 2025 in its share of the global middle
class. ¨ë In 2025, the share of the Middle East and North
Africa will be larger than that of sub-Saharan Africa, as it was
in 2015.

Donato Bramante, born in Fermignano, Italy, began to paint
early in his life. His father encouraged him to study painting.
Later, he worked as an assistant of Piero della Francesca in
Urbino. Around 1480, he built several churches in a new style
in Milan. He had a close relationship with Leonardo da Vinci,
and they worked together in that city. Architecture became his
main interest, but he did not give up painting. Bramante
moved to Rome in 1499 and participated in Pope Julius II¡¯s
plan for the renewal of Rome. He planned the new Basilica of
St. Peter in Rome ¡ª one of the most ambitious building projects
in the history of humankind. Bramante died on April 11, 1514
and was buried in Rome. His buildings influenced other
architects for centuries.

Like whole individuals, cells have a life span. During their life
cycle (cell cycle), cell size, shape, and metabolic activities can
change dramatically. A cell is ¡°born¡± as a twin when its mother
cell divides, ¨ç producing two daughter cells. Each daughter
cell is smaller than the mother cell, and except for unusual cases,
each grows until it becomes as large as the mother cell ¨è was.
During this time, the cell absorbs water, sugars, amino acids,
and other nutrients and assembles them into new, living
protoplasm. After the cell has grown to the proper size, its
metabolism shifts as it either prepares to divide or matures and
¨é differentiates into a specialized cell. Both growth and
development require a complex and dynamic set of interactions
involving all cell parts. ¨ê What cell metabolism and structure
should be complex would not be surprising, but actually, they
are rather simple and logical. Even the most complex cell has
only a small number of parts, each ¨ë responsible for a distinct,
well-defined aspect of cell life.

It has been suggested that ¡°organic¡± methods, defined as
those in which only natural products can be used as inputs,
would be less damaging to the biosphere. Large-scale adoption
of ¡°organic¡± farming methods, however, would ¨ç reduce
yields and increase production costs for many major crops.
Inorganic nitrogen supplies are ¨è essential for maintaining
moderate to high levels of productivity for many of the
non-leguminous crop species, because organic supplies of
nitrogenous materials often are either limited or more
expensive than inorganic nitrogen fertilizers. In addition, there
are ¨é benefits to the extensive use of either manure or legumes
as ¡°green manure¡± crops. In many cases, weed control can be
very difficult or require much hand labor if chemicals cannot
be used, and ¨ê fewer people are willing to do this work as
societies become wealthier. Some methods used in ¡°organic¡±
farming, however, such as the sensible use of crop rotations
and specific combinations of cropping and livestock enterprises,
can make important ¨ë contributions to the sustainability of
rural ecosystems.

Humour involves not just practical disengagement but
cognitive disengagement. As long as something is funny, we
are for the moment not concerned with whether it is real or
fictional, true or false. This is why we give considerable
leeway to people telling funny stories. If they are getting extra
laughs by exaggerating the silliness of a situation or even by
making up a few details, we are happy to grant them comic
licence, a kind of poetic licence. Indeed, someone listening to
a funny story who tries to correct the teller ¡ª ¡®No, he didn¡¯t
spill the spaghetti on the keyboard and the monitor, just on the
keyboard¡¯ ¡ª will probably be told by the other listeners to
stop interrupting. The creator of humour is putting ideas into
people¡¯s heads for the pleasure those ideas will bring, not to
provide accurate information.

News, especially in its televised form, is constituted not
only by its choice of topics and stories but by its
verbal and visual idioms or modes of address. Presentational
styles have been subject to a tension between an
informational-educational purpose and the need to engage us
entertainingly. While current affairs programmes are often
¡®serious¡¯ in tone sticking to the ¡®rules¡¯ of balance, more
popular programmes adopt a friendly, lighter, idiom in which
we are invited to consider the impact of particular news items
from the perspective of the ¡®average person in the street¡¯.
Indeed, contemporary news construction has come to rely on an
increased use of faster editing tempos and ¡®flashier¡¯ presentational
styles including the use of logos, sound-bites, rapid visual cuts
and the ¡®star quality¡¯ of news readers. Popular formats can be
said to enhance understanding by engaging an audience unwilling
to endure the longer verbal orientation of older news formats.
However, they arguably work to reduce understanding by
failing to provide the structural contexts for news events.

Elinor Ostrom found that there are several factors critical to
bringing about stable institutional solutions to the problem of
the commons. She pointed out, for instance, that the actors
affected by the rules for the use and care of resources must
have the right to participate in decisions to change the rules.
For that reason, the people who monitor and control the
behavior of users should also be users and/or have been given
a mandate by all users. This is a significant insight, as it shows
that prospects are poor for a centrally directed solution to the
problem of the commons coming from a state power in
comparison with a local solution for which users assume
personal responsibility. Ostrom also emphasizes the importance
of democratic decision processes and that all users must be
given access to local forums for solving problems and conflicts
among themselves. Political institutions at central, regional,
and local levels must allow users to devise their own regulations
and independently ensure observance.

Precision and determinacy are a necessary requirement for
all meaningful scientific debate, and progress in the sciences
is, to a large extent, the ongoing process of achieving ever
greater precision. But historical representation puts a premium
on a proliferation of representations, hence not on the
refinement of one representation but on the production of
an ever more varied set of representations. Historical insight
is not a matter of a continuous ¡°narrowing down¡± of previous
options, not of an approximation of the truth, but, on the
contrary, is an ¡°explosion¡± of possible points of view. It
therefore aims at the unmasking of previous illusions of
determinacy and precision by the production of new and
alternative representations, rather than at achieving truth by
a careful analysis of what was right and wrong in those
previous representations. And from this perspective, the
development of historical insight may indeed be regarded by the
outsider as a process of creating ever more confusion, a continuous
questioning of certainty and precision seemingly achieved already,
rather than, as in the sciences, an ever greater approximation
to the truth.

Since their introduction, information systems have
substantially changed the way business is conducted. ¨ç This is
particularly true for business in the shape and form of
cooperation between firms that involves an integration of value
chains across multiple units. ¨è The resulting networks do not
only cover the business units of a single firm but typically also
include multiple units from different firms. ¨é As a consequence,
firms do not only need to consider their internal organization
in order to ensure sustainable business performance; they also
need to take into account the entire ecosystem of units
surrounding them. ¨ê Many major companies are fundamentally
changing their business models by focusing on profitable units
and cutting off less profitable ones. ¨ë In order to allow these
different units to cooperate successfully, the existence of a
common platform is crucial.

According to the market response model, it is increasing
prices that drive providers to search for new sources,
innovators to substitute, consumers to conserve, and
alternatives to emerge.
Taxing certain goods or services, and so increasing prices,
should result in either decreased use of these resources or
creative innovation of new sources or options. The money
raised through the tax can be used directly by the government
either to supply services or to search for alternatives.
Many examples of such ¡°green taxes¡± exist. Facing landfill
costs, labor expenses, and related costs in the provision of
garbage disposal, for example, some cities have required
households to dispose of all waste in special trash bags,
purchased by consumers themselves, and often costing a
dollar or more each.
The results have been greatly increased recycling and more
careful attention by consumers to packaging and waste.
By internalizing the costs of trash to consumers, there has
been an observed decrease in the flow of garbage from
households.

In spite of the likeness between the fictional and real
world, the fictional world deviates from the real one in one
important respect.
The existing world faced by the individual is in principle
an infinite chaos of events and details before it is organized
by a human mind. This chaos only gets processed and
modified when perceived by a human mind.
The author has selected the content according to his own
worldview and his own conception of relevance, in an
attempt to be neutral and objective or convey a subjective
view on the world. Whatever the motives, the author¡¯s
subjective conception of the world stands between the
reader and the original, untouched world on which the
story is based.
Because of the inner qualities with which the individual is
endowed through heritage and environment, the mind
functions as a filter; every outside impression that passes
through it is filtered and interpreted. However, the world
the reader encounters in literature is already processed
and filtered by another consciousness.

Introduction of robots into factories, while employment of human
workers is being reduced, creates worry and fear. ( ¨ç ) It is
the responsibility of management to prevent or, at least, to ease
these fears. ( ¨è ) For example, robots could be introduced only
in new plants rather than replacing humans in existing assembly
lines. ( ¨é ) Workers should be included in the planning for
new factories or the introduction of robots into existing plants,
so they can participate in the process. ( ¨ê ) It may be that robots
are needed to reduce manufacturing costs so that the company
remains competitive, but planning for such cost reductions
should be done jointly by labor and management. Retraining current employees for new positions within the
company will also greatly reduce their fear of being laid
off. Since
robots are particularly good at highly repetitive simple motions,
the replaced human workers should be moved to positions
where judgment and decisions beyond the abilities of robots
are required.

Cinema is valuable not for its ability to make visible the
hidden outlines of our reality, but for its ability to reveal what
reality itself veils ¡ª the dimension of fantasy. ( ¨ç ) This is
why, to a person, the first great theorists of film decried the
introduction of sound and other technical innovations (such as
color) that pushed film in the direction of realism. ( ¨è ) Since
cinema was an entirely fantasmatic art, these innovations were
completely unnecessary. ( ¨é ) And what¡¯s worse, they could
do nothing but turn filmmakers and audiences away from the
fantasmatic dimension of cinema, potentially transforming
film into a mere delivery device for representations of
reality. As long as the irrealism of the silent black and white film
predominated, one could not take filmic fantasies for
representations of reality. But sound and color threatened to create just
such an illusion, thereby destroying the very essence of film
art. ( ¨ë ) As Rudolf Arnheim puts it, ¡°The creative power of
the artist can only come into play where reality and the
medium of representation do not coincide.¡±

Philip Kitcher and Wesley Salmon have suggested that
there are two possible alternatives among philosophical
theories of explanation. One is the view that scientific
explanation consists in the unification of broad bodies of
phenomena under a minimal number of generalizations.
According to this view, the (or perhaps, a) goal of science
is to construct an economical framework of laws or
generalizations that are capable of subsuming all observable
phenomena. Scientific explanations organize and systematize
our knowledge of the empirical world; the more economical
the systematization, the deeper our understanding of what
is explained. The other view is the causal/mechanical
approach. According to it, a scientific explanation of a
phenomenon consists of uncovering the mechanisms that
produced the phenomenon of interest. This view sees the
explanation of individual events as primary, with the
explanation of generalizations flowing from them. That is,
the explanation of scientific generalizations comes from
the causal mechanisms that produce the regularities.

Classifying things together into groups is something we do
all the time, and it isn¡¯t hard to see why. Imagine trying to
shop in a supermarket where the food was arranged in
random order on the shelves: tomato soup next to the white
bread in one aisle, chicken soup in the back next to the
60-watt light bulbs, one brand of cream cheese in front and
another in aisle 8 near the cookies. The task of finding what
you want would be (a) time-consuming and extremely difficult,
if not impossible.
In the case of a supermarket, someone had to (b) design
the system of classification. But there is also a ready-made
system of classification embodied in our language. The word
¡°dog,¡± for example, groups together a certain class of animals
and distinguishes them from other animals. Such a grouping
may seem too (c) abstract to be called a classification, but
this is only because you have already mastered the word. As
a child learning to speak, you had to work hard to (d) learn
the system of classification your parents were trying to teach
you. Before you got the hang of it, you probably made
mistakes, like calling the cat a dog. If you hadn¡¯t learned to
speak, the whole world would seem like the (e) unorganized
supermarket; you would be in the position of an infant, for
whom every object is new and unfamiliar. In learning the
principles of classification, therefore, we¡¯ll be learning about
the structure that lies at the core of our language.